###### After creating the new branch, I went to GitHub desktop to open the file encompassed in the folder. I made the slight mistake of immediately adding my changes to that file. When I noticed that I did not carefully follow directions, I successfully switched branches and presumed that the branch I went into was the main – but it was not. Instead, the computer somehow managed to create a new branch that was of the same spelling as the branch I created prior. This would result in some problems later during merging. Without realizing it, I made changes to the newly created branch under the assumption that I was on the main. On my attempt to merge it with the other created branch, I ran into an error that stated that “A branch with that name already exists.” Confused, I went to GitHub to physically see what branches I had that was causing this issue and realized where my error was. To quickly fix such, I deleted the created branch and then went into GitHub Desktop to access the main branch. 

###### When on the main branch, I opened Atom and commented some code. Atlas, I attempted to commit -push these changes to GitHub but ran into another message on Terminal that stated that “Your branch is ahead of 'origin/main' by 1 commit. (Use "git push" to publish your local commits)”. On the terminal, I attempted to run this command but constantly ran into an authentication issue. Therefore, I went back into the optional resource (https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) to see what I could be doing wrong. Eventually, I found out how to fix this problem by pushing the commit to update both branches on GitHub desktop.
